1. What will the following Linux command accomplish?  dd if=/dev/mem of=/home/bkcs/mem.bin bs=1024  
Copy the master boot record to a file
Copy the contents of the system folder to a file
Copy the running memory to a file
Copy the memory dump file to an image file
Correct Answer: 3
 
2. Preparing an image drive to copy files to is the first step in Linux forensics. For this purpose, what would the following command accomplish?  dcfldd if=/dev/zero of=/dev/hda bs=4096 conv=noerror, sync   
Fill the disk with zeros
Low-level format
Fill the disk with 4096 zeros
Copy files from the master disk to the slave disk on the secondary IDE controller
Correct Answer: 1
 
3. Using Linux to carry out a forensics investigation, what would the following command accomplish?   dd if=/usr/home/partition.image of=/dev/sdb2 bs=4096 conv=notrunc,noerror   
Backup a disk to an image file
Search for disk errors within an image file
Copy a partition to an image file
Restore a disk from an image file
Correct Answer: 4
 
4. What will the following command accomplish?   dcfldd if=/dev/sdb vf=sdb_image.img  
Validate the image file with the source
Copy a partition to an image file
Restore a partition from an image file
Copy an image file to a partition
Correct Answer: 1
 
5. What will the following command accomplish?   dd if=/dev/xxx of=mbr.backup bs=512 count=1  
Restore the first 512 bytes of the first partition of the hard drive
Restore the first 512 bytes of the first partition of the hard drive
Restore the master boot record
Back up the master boot record
Correct Answer: 4
 
6. The surface of a hard disk consists of several concentric rings known as tracks; each of these tracks has smaller partitions called disk blocks. What is the size of each block?  
512 bits
512 bytes
256 bits
256 bytes
Correct Answer: 2

7. Alice has acquired data from a hard disk in an open-source acquisition format that allows her to generate compressed or uncompressed image files. What format did she use?  
Portable Document Format
Raw Format
Advanced Forensics Format (AFF)
Proprietary Format
Correct Answer: 3

8. Which of the following tools creates a bit-by-bit image of an evidence media? (Choose all that apply)
Recuva
FileMerlin
AccessDataFTKImager
TheSleuthKit
Correct Answer: 3,4
 
9. What is the name of the Standard Linux Command that is also available as windows application that can be used to create bit-stream images? (Choose all that apply)  
mcopy
dcfldd
MD5
dd
Correct Answer: 2,4
 
10. You are contracted to work as a computer forensics investigator for a regional bank that has four 30 TB storage area networks that store customer data. What method would be most efficient for you to acquire digital evidence from this network?  
create a compressed copy of the file with DoubleSpace
create a sparse data copy of a folder or file
make a bit-stream disk-to-image file
make a bit-stream disk-to-disk file
Correct Answer: 3
 
11. Alice needs to acquire data from RAID storage. Which of the following acquisition methods is recommended to retrieve only the data relevant to the investigation?  
Static Acquisition
Sparse or Logical Acquisition
Bit-stream disk-to-disk Acquisition 
Bit-by-bit Acquisition
Correct Answer: 2

12. Which of the following tools is not a data acquisition hardware tool?  
UltraKit
Atola Insight Forensic
F-Response Imager
Triage-Responder
Correct Answer: 3
 
13. The SHA1 program is used to?  
wipe magnetic media before recycling it
make directories on an evidence disk
view graphics files on an evidence drive
verify that a disk is not altered when you examine it
Correct Answer: 4
 
14. In which implementation of RAID will the image of a Hardware RAID volume be different from the image taken separately from the disks?  
RAID 0
RAID 1
It will always be different
The images will always be identical because data is mirrored for redundancy
Correct Answer: 3
 
15. When should an SHA1 hash check be performed when processing evidence?  
After the evidence examination has been completed
On an hourly basis during the evidence examination
Before and after evidence examination
Before the evidence examination has been completed
Correct Answer: 3

16. Raw data acquisition format creates _________ of a data set or suspect drive.  
Segmented image files
Simple sequential flat files
Compressed image files
Segmented files
Correct Answer: 2

17. When using Windows acquisitions tools to acquire digital evidence, it is important to use a well-tested hardware write-blocking device to?  
Automate Collection from image files
Avoiding copying data from the boot partition
Acquire data from host-protected area on a disk
Prevent Contamination to the evidence drive
Correct Answer: 4

18. How many bytes is the fixed-length MD5 algorithm checksum of a critical system file?     
128
64
32
16
Correct Answer: 4

19. Which of the following tools enables data acquisition and duplication? (Choose all that apply)  
Colasoft’s Capsa
DriveSpy
Wireshark
FTK Imager 
Correct Answer: 2,4

20. Alice, a computer forensics investigator, has just arrived at the house of an alleged computer hacker. Alice takes pictures and tags all computer and peripheral equipment found in the house. Alice packs all the items found in his van and takes them back to his lab for further examination. At his lab, Bob, his assistant, helps him with the investigation. Since Bob is still in training, Alice supervises all of his work very carefully. Bob is not quite sure about the procedures to copy all the data off the computer and peripheral devices. What is the minimum number of data acquisition tools should Bob use when creating copies of the evidence for the investigation?  
Two
One
Three
Four
Correct Answer: 1