1. In Windows, what events can occur when using the Command Prompt to execute the ping abc.com command? Be aware that the administrator may have configured a GPO to log the PowerShell service, set up an Advanced Audit Policy, and enabled the Sysmon service on the Windows computer (Choose all that apply) * 
Event ID (4688) A new process has been created
Event ID (12) RegistryEvent (Object create and delete)
Event ID (22) DNS Query
Event ID (4624) An account was successfully logged on
Event ID (1) Process creation
Event ID (4104) Powershell Execute a Remote Command
Correct Answer: 1,3,5

2. The following Sigma rules define how to detect mimikatz tools running on a user's computer based on Sysmon logs. What are some ways to bypass these detection rules? (Choose all that apply) * 
Execute a tool named mimikazt.exe, which has been stripped down to remove some features compared to the original source code
Execute the tool named mimikatz.exe with the IMPHASH hash 55EE500BB4BDFC49F27A98AE456D8EDF in the Windows Command Prompt
Execute the tool named mimidump.exe with the MD5 hash 29EFD64DD3C7FE1E2B022B7AD73A1BA5 in the Windows Command Prompt
All the answers are correct
Correct Answer: 1,3

3. Which of the following describes the reason why a penetration tester would run the command sdelete mimikatz.* on a Windows server that the tester compromised? * 
To remove hash-cracking registry entries
To remove the tester-created Mimikatz account
To remove tools from the server
To remove a reverse shell from the system
Correct Answer: 3

4. A penetration tester has extracted password hashes from the lsass.exe memory process. Which of the following should the tester perform NEXT to pass the hash and provide persistence with the newly acquired credentials? * 
Use Patator to pass the hash and Responder for persistence.
Use Hashcat to pass the hash and Empire for persistence.
Use a bind shell to pass the hash and WMI for persistence.
Use Mimikatz to pass the hash and PsExec for persistence
Correct Answer: 4

5. An organization experienced a security breach that allowed an attacker to send fraudulent wire transfers from a hardened PC exclusively to the attacker's bank through remote connections. A security analyst is creating a timeline of events and has found a different PC on the network containing malware. Upon reviewing the command history, the analyst finds the following:  PS>.\mimikatz.exe "sekurlsa::pth /user:localadmin /domain:corp-domain.com /ntlm:B4B9B02E1F29A3CF193EAB28C8D617D3F327  Which of the following best describes how the attacker gained access to the hardened PC? * 
The attacker created fileless malware that was hosted by the banking platform.
The attacker performed a pass-the-hash attack using a shared support account.
The attacker utilized living-off-the-land binaries to evade endpoint detection and response software.
The attacker socially engineered the accountant into performing bad transfers
Correct Answer: 2

6. A company's help desk received several AV alerts indicating Mimikatz attempted to run on the remote systems Several users also reported that the new company flash drives they picked up in the break room only have 512KB of storage Which of the following is most likely the cause? * 
The GPO prevents the use of flash drives, which triggers a false positive AV indication and restricts the drives to only 512KB of storage
The new flash drives need a driver that is being blocked by the AV software because the flash drives are not on the application's allow list, temporarily restricting the drives to 512KB of storage.
The new flash drives are incorrectly partitioned, and the systems are automatically trying to use an unapproved application to repartition the drives.
The GPO blocking the flash drives is being bypassed by a malicious flash drive that is attempting to harvest plaintext credentials from memory.
Correct Answer: 2

7. Alice, a penetration tester, has received basic account credentials and logged into a Windows system. To escalate his privilege, from which of the following places is he using Mimikatz to pull credentials? * 
LSASS
SAM database
Active Directory
Registry
Correct Answer: 1

8. A systems administrator is changing the password policy within an enterprise environment and wants this update implemented on all systems as quickly as possible. Which of the following operating system security measures will the administrator most likely use? * 
Deploying PowerShell scripts
Pushing GPO update
Enabling PAP
Updating EDR profiles
Correct Answer: 2

9. What is the capacity of Recycle bin in a system running on Windows 10?
7.99GB
3.99GB
Unlimited
10% of the partition space
Correct Answer: 3

10. Which of the following is a database in which information about every file and directory on an NT File System (NTFS) volume is stored?  * 
Volume Boot Record
Master Boot Record
GUID Partition Table
Master File Table
Correct Answer: 4

11. In the Windows Security Event Log, what does an event ID of 4625 and an error code of 0xC0000072 imply? * 
Logon Failure – Unknown username or bad password
Logon Failure – User not allowed to logon at this computer
Logon Failure – Account currently disabled
Logon Failure – User logon from unauthorized workstation
Correct Answer: 3

12. What is one method of bypassing a system BIOS password? * 
Removing the processor
Removing the CMOS battery
Remove all the system memory
Login to Windows and disable the BIOS password
Correct Answer: 2

13. A security analyst for a large chemical company was given credentials from a threat intelligence resources organization for internal users, which contain usernames and valid passwords for company accounts. Which of the following is the first action the analyst should take as part of security operations monitoring? * 
Run scheduled antivirus scans on all employees’ machines to look for malicious processes. 
Reimage the machines of all users within the group in case of a malware infection.
Change all the user passwords to ensure the malicious actors cannot use them.
Search the event logs for event identifiers that indicate Mimikatz was used
Correct Answer: 4

14. Which list contains the most recent actions performed by a Windows User?  * 
MRU (Most Recently Used)
Activity
Recents
Windows Error Log
Correct Answer: 1

15. Windows identifies which application to open a file with by examining which of the following?  * 
The file extension
The file attributes
The file signature at the end of the file
The file signature at the beginning of the file
Correct Answer: 1

16. The command rd /s /q C:\$Recycle.bin is executed on a Windows machine to ___? * 
Disable the Recycle Bin
Restore the files deleted from the Recycle Bin
Repair the Recycle Bin
Empty the Recycle Bin
Correct Answer: 3

17. What is the maximum size of the security log file after running the following command?  wevtutil sl Security /ms:1572864000 * 
150 MB
1 GB
1.5 GB
15 GB
Correct Answer: 3

18. Windows Sysmon allows the recording of more information for IT security monitoring and threat detection, such as Event ID 1 (Process Creation) and Event ID 6 (Driver Loaded). However, why does it not completely replace Windows Advanced Audit Policy? (Choose all that apply) * 
Windows Sysmon has a different log format and structure compared to Windows Event Logs.
In Windows Sysmon, there are no events that log server logon information, such as Event 4624 in the Advanced Audit Policy
Sysmon service log files are extremely large 
The Sysmon service may be incompatible with some software components on the server, such as antivirus (AV) and endpoint detection and response (EDR) solutions, potentially causing server crashes
Installing additional third-party software, such as Sysmon, on a server can increase risk if the Sysmon application contains vulnerabilities that allow for privilege escalation
Correct Answer: 2,4,5

19. Which of the following statements is incorrect when preserving digital evidence?  * 
Verify if the monitor is in on, off, or in sleep mode
Turn on the computer and extract Windows event viewer log files
Remove the plug from the power router or modem
Document the actions and changes that you observe in the monitor, computer, printer, or in other peripherals
Correct Answer: 2

20. Which of the following tools allows analysis of Windows Event Logs? (Choose all that apply) * 
Wireshark
Hayabusa
APT-Hunter
Event Viewer
mimikatzt
Correct Answer: 2,3,4