Q1. When investigating a potential e-mail crime, what is your first step in the investigation? * 
Trace the IP address to its origin
Write a report
Determine whether a crime was actually committed
Recover the evidence
Correct Answer: 4

Q2. During the course of an investigation, you locate evidence that may prove the innocence of the suspect of the investigation. You must maintain an unbiased opinion and be objective in your entire fact finding process. Therefore, you report this evidence. This type of evidence is known as * 
Inculpatory evidence
Mandatory evidence
Exculpatory evidence
Terrible evidence
Correct Answer: 3

Q3. Travis, a computer forensics investigator, is finishing up a case he has been working on for over a month involving copyright infringement and embezzlement. His last ask is to prepare an investigative report for the president of the company he has been working for. Travis must submit a hard copy and an electronic copy to this president. In what electronic format should Travis send this report? * 
TIFF-8
DOC
WPD
PDF
Correct Answer: 4

Q4. To which phase of the Computer Forensics Investigation Process does the Planning and Budgeting of a Forensics Lab belong? * 
Post-investigation Phase
Reporting Phase
Pre-investigation Phase
Investigation Phase
Correct Answer: 3

Q5. Report writing is a crucial stage in the outcome of an investigation. Which information should not be included in the report section? * 
Speculation or opinion as to the cause of the incident
Purpose of the report
Author of the report
Incident summary
Correct Answer: 1

Q6. What is the role of logstash components in a SIEM system? (Choose all that apply) * 
Install on the server to collect logs.
Process logs
Forward logs to OpenSearch for indexing
Storage logs
Correct Answer: 2,3

Q7. Which plugin needs to be installed for Logstash to send data to OpenSearch? * 
logstash-input-opensearch
logstash-output-opensearch
logstash-output-elasticsearch
logstash-input-elasticsearch
Correct Answer: 2

Q8. What is the purpose of the following command? tar -zxvf logstash-8.8.2-linux-x86_64.tar.gz * 
Install logstash
Compress the file
Extract the file
Uninstall logstash
Correct Answer: 3

Q9. What does the following configuration indicate? (Choose all that apply) * 
The account used to configure the OpenSearch service is admin
The OpenSearch service is using port 5601
OpenSearch will automatically create a new index for this log source every day
The OpenSearch service has been configured to use SSL/TLS
Correct Answer: 1,3,4

Q10. What types of logs does the following winlogbeat configuration collect? (Choose all that apply) * 
All events in System logs
All events in Security logs
All events in PowerShell logs
All events in Sysmon logs
Correct Answer: 1,2,4

Q11. Is the following statement true or false: "Filebeat can be installed on servers and workstations to collect all text-based log files and send them to the SIEM system (OLD)?" * 
True
False
Correct Answer: 1

Q12. Can Logstash be configured to send data to two destination addresses simultaneously? * 
No
Yes
It depends on the version
Correct Answer: 2

Q13. Lệnh DQL sau có nhiệm vụ làm gì? Chọn đáp án đúng nhất.  process.executable: ping * 
The command has a syntax error
Search for the value of the field start with the keyword ping
Search for the value of the field contain the keyword ping
Search for the value of the field end with the keyword ping
Correct Answer: 3

Q14. What does the following command mean? sudo systemctl enable opensearch * 
Verify that OpenSearch launched correctly
Start the OpenSearch service
Enable OpenSearch as a service
Uninstall OpenSearch service
Correct Answer: 3

Q15. What service port does OpenSearch use? * 
9000
9200
5601
5044
Correct Answer: 2

Q16. Which of the following commands allows you to install OpenSearch Dashboards? * 
sudo systemctl enable opensearch-dashboards
sudo systemctl start opensearch-dashboards
dpkg -i opensearch-dashboards-2.18.0-linux-arm64.deb
dpkg -u opensearch-dashboards-2.18.0-linux-arm64.deb
Correct Answer: 3

Q17. What does setting network.host: 0.0.0.0 in the opensearch.yml file mean? * 
It allows OpenSearch to be accessed from any IP address
It only allows access to OpenSearch from the local address
Disable access to the OpenSearch service over the network
Correct Answer: 1

Q18. What does setting the index auditbeat-* mean? * It only allows searching with indices named auditbeat-*.
The index name is invalid
It allows searching across all indices that begin with auditbeat
Correct Answer: 3

Q19. Which of the following tasks can Logstash fulfill without using other components of the SIEM (OLD)? (Choose three.) * 
Receive log data from remote systems.
Store log data persistently.
Process log data to extract information.
Forward log data to other services
Correct Answer: 1,3,4

Q20. Which of the following filters in Logstash allows parsing and structuring unstructured data? * 
geoip
grok
json
split
Correct Answer: 2
